# Main-Project
                                                                    COUNTERFEIT PRODUCT DETECTION SYSTEM
Introduction
  In recent years, counterfeit goods play a vital role in product manufacturing industries. This Phenomenon affects the sales and profitof the companies. For this project I approached a brand company Ace Turtle located in Bangalore, Karnataka. To ensure the identification of real products throughout the supply chain, a functional block chain technology used for preventing product counterfeiting. By using a block chain technology,consumers do not need to rely on the trusted third parties to know the source of the purchased product safely. Any application that uses block chain technology as a basic framework ensures that the data content is ‘tamper resistant’. In view of the fact that a block chain is the decentralized, distributed and digital ledger that stores transactional records known as blocks of the public in several databases known as chain across many networks. Therefore, any involved block cannot be changed in advance, without changing all subsequent block. In this project , counterfeit products are detected using QR code , where a QR code of the product linked to a Block Chain Based Management (BCBM) System. So the proposed system may be used to store product details and unique code of that product as blocks in database. It collects the unique code from the customer and compares the code against entries in block chain database. If the code matches, it will give notification to the customer, otherwise it gets information from the customer about where they bought the product to detect counterfeit product manufacturer. The supply chain management system consists of several stages and various sectors of applications in supply chain. Block chain system makes supply chain sector more reliable. Authors proposed POM (Product Ownership Management) system , which makes the effort of counterfeiters to duplicate of real product since they cannot prove the possession of products on this system.Then they introduced a protocol that enables each stage of supply chain to transfer and prove the ownership of RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) tag, which allows users to automatically and uniquely identify the products and track inventory.
  
